What do you say sorry sir
My friend, he's always out of tune
He's just talking casually
Autumn, this guy is outspoken
You said that to me last time
This time I'm talking about Qinghe again
I will teach him a lesson today
Teach me a lesson
You are not qualified
Humph boy
Are you just going to benefit from words?
Do you still need Ambassador Qinghe to teach you a lesson?
I can make you disappear with one call
Brother Liu, he is my friend
Kiss you don't worry
This kind of person?
It's not worth me fighting him
In my eyes?
Only paintings
Going against this kind of person will only lower my worth
Yo
Are you saying that painters are more precious than others?
Then according to you
Isn't the number one painter on the list the most noble?
Hmph, that's natural
Not like you
You can only be a bumpkin for the rest of your life
Hey, Mr. Liu
I see Song Xiaojie
Have you ever wanted to learn from the palace?
I'm leaving first.
Master Qinghe
Okay, I can't learn anything from this
It's all my education
Humph boy
What did you say?
You can draw?
If you could draw
Then I'm a painter
Who told you I can't draw?
Okay, okay, you still put on with me
Then let's compare
Whoever loses is lying on the ground learning to bark
You are not qualified with me
Let's be a thief